five years after the fall of the empire
a mandalorian bounty hunter collects a
bounty after a scuffle exchange in a bar
on maldo creek
[Music]
and returns to a bounty hunting guild
hall on navero in his ship
the razer crest he meets with his
guild's leader
grief karga who mostly has low-paying
bounties that will not cover travel
expenses
looking to get a bigger bounty the
mandalorian accepts a mysterious
commission for which karga can only
provide an address to meet the client
who wants the details of the job to be
private the client
who uses imperial stormtroopers as
bodyguards
gives the mandalorian a vague target to
bring back alive
the only information he is allowed to
give is an age 50 years old and last
known location
in exchange the client promises to
reward the bounty hunter with a
container full of biscar
a rare metal used by mandalorians to
forge impenetrable armor
receiving a single bar of biscar as a
down payment the mandalorian meets with
the armorer at an enclave housing fellow
mandalorians
the armorer who melts the metal into a
pauldron reserved for the mandalorian
says the medal was gathered in the great
purge and the excess will sponsor
foundlings
as the mandalorian once was the
mandalorian travels to the desert planet
arvala seven native home of the
ugnaughts and meets a native named kuil
who wants to be rid of the criminals and
mercenaries who now inhabit the area
cuille teaches the mandalorian to ride a
blurg as there are no land speed
vehicles to traverse the area
and sends him to where his bounty is
located
upon reaching the hideout the
mandalorian grudgingly teams up with
bounty droid ig-11
[Music]
this
okay
[Music]
they managed to clear the entire
facility of its nicto guards and
discover that the bounty is a green
biggered infant creature
ig-11 plans to kill it but the
mandalorian blasts the droid to protect
the baby and bounty
[Music]
you